What is sustainable development?
Development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs
Development that prioritizes economic growth
Development that focuses on social welfare
Development that emphasizes environmental protection
0
Which of the following is an example of renewable energy?
Solar power
Nuclear power
Coal
Natural gas
0
What is the main benefit of using public transportation?
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
Saving money on fuel costs
Reducing traffic congestion
All of the above
3
What is the purpose of recycling?
To reduce waste and conserve natural resources
To create jobs in the waste management sector
To generate revenue for local governments
To reduce the cost of manufacturing new products
0
What is a carbon footprint?
The amount of greenhouse gases produced by an individual, event, or product
The size of an individual's feet
The amount of land required to produce a certain amount of food
The distance traveled by a product from production to consumption
0
What is the main goal of sustainable agriculture?
To produce food in a way that is environmentally friendly, socially responsible, and economically viable
To maximize crop yields using chemical fertilizers and pesticides
To create genetically modified crops that are resistant to pests and diseases
To promote the use of monoculture farming practices
0
What is green infrastructure?
A network of natural and semi-natural areas that provide ecological benefits
Infrastructure that is painted green
Infrastructure that is made from recycled materials
Infrastructure that is designed to be energy-efficient
0
What is a circular economy?
An economic system that aims to eliminate waste and promote the continual use of resources
An economy that is based on the production and consumption of circular goods
An economy that prioritizes the growth of the service sector
An economy that relies on the extraction of non-renewable resources
0
What is the main goal of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)?
To end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure prosperity for all
To promote economic growth in developing countries
To reduce inequality between countries
To improve access to education and healthcare
0
What is the purpose of eco-labeling?
To provide consumers with information about the environmental impact of products
To promote the sale of organic products
To increase the price of environmentally friendly products
To reduce the cost of production for manufacturers
0